Computer Science IA,

make a model to go through all the x years of news and measure the percentage fluctuation in the price
action and find a average,

also find out what affects that category of stocks the most... like news, or interest rates...
then create a model that weights in certain factor more over another for categories of stocks...
if one stock is like in tech but hyped up it will be calculated two times, both results will be shown

combine the twitter analysis... news (got some apis in safari), etc...
also, will get data from multiple apis... some of which will be mine own.
then the app will also have a api for itself which can be called, so not just an gui interface, but
also an option to interact with the api.

all the news, earnings, etc. will be stored in a database, different tables... so that we can query
things like which is the day the news is announced most likely... stuff like that etc.

calculate the derivative of the stock graph, see for breakouts before by calculating the second derivative.


and then we can also add in an AI model to predict things for the improvement part and start to work some
of it towards the end and that final could go on the resume, like i continued on the project later on.

some aspects have I have already done before... look in the drive...


Also:
make it look at the VIX to see the market volatility to predict the price movement or also the quarterly reports
add a backtesting to test how the algorithm or trading strategy would have performed.

Backtest the strategy for all the stocks, of course make a shortlist, then test the strategy with different
parameters for example, for the SMA crossover, try with all the possible (and reasonable) smas, then get the
performance data for each one of them and see what's worked the best for that stock over the time and use that
KIND OF LIKE A SIMULATION...

Probably you could use Benford's law to determine the probability of where the stock price is headed?


See what data are available in platforms like webull and try to make use of that too...


Check the gradient of the moving averages and if it's relatively flat, do nothing.


SO YOU USE THE SMA TO BUY, WHICH ADAPTS DAILY [BACKTESTING SIMULATION RUNS DAILY], BUT WOULD YOU SELL ON THE ADAPTED SMA OR STICK WITH THE SMA1 AND SMA2 THAT YOU 
CHOSE WHEN YOU BOUGHT THE STOCK? AS EG ON 13/05/2022 THE ALGORITHM SAYS BUY USING IT'S SMA, BUT 50, 180 SAYS TO SHORT, WE'LL SEE WHAT WORKS OUT BUT SHOULD I CHANGE
THE STRATEGY WHILE I HOLD THE POSITION OR JUST FOR NEW POSITIONS?

Using kind of inverse curves to determine the leverage to use, higher for smaller smas but lower for higher smas as intrests are higher and will be holding for long, also will make certain will not go over a certain limit...
: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDElFveODJU

Covid correlation 

Also correlation of one asset with another
Mainly the delayed ones, run simulation with x days gap so see if one asset movement affects the another one

Acending order simulation results shown when clicked simulate with the info as a table and user
can click to open that simulation as a graph, so make simulation constructor accept sma1 and sma2
instead of figuring it out the best one itself
